it's Monday December 15 2014 and let's
talk about what happened this weekend
over at XDA developers com first up a
couple of Google Play edition devices
received lollipop updates specifically
the samsung galaxy s4 and the 2013 Moto
G these updates have been captured by
forum members and according to the
Articles your device needs to be stock
and unmodified in order to install them
but I am sure someone will figure out a
way to make it work otherwise there's
apparently also a leaked version of
lollipop for the Brazilian dual-sim Moto
G that's the XT 1033 and supposedly it
can be installed on other variants of
the device so if you've got that 2013
Moto G and you've been waiting for
Android 5 check out the links down in
the video description additionally this
weekend a couple of devices received
ports of lollipop I was pleasantly
surprised to see the HTC Sensation
received an unofficial port of cm12
thanks to XDA recognized contributor
Shanter it's still to be considered kind
of testing but so far people seem to be
pretty pleased with it and the list of
working components is already quite high
always amazing to see development still
continuing on older devices like that
speaking of older devices though the
Samsung Galaxy S Plus received a build
of android 5 this weekend as well this
is another unofficial cm12 port which
just like the sensation seems to be
surprisingly functional the biggest
issue I can see from the article is
there are some laggy UI elements while
you're making calls and there's some
force closes to do with the camera and
some of the CM apps definitely not a
deal breaker but I'll leave that to you
to decide whether or not it's still
daily driver ready or not now moving in
a different direction this weekend sony
put out a video demonstrating how to
unlock the bootloader on your Xperia
device they did make sure to repeat
several times during the video that it
might void your warranty but the video
itself does seem very straightforward
seems to cover all the required steps
for getting it done on a Windows machine
so if you aren't already familiar with
that process and you do have an Xperia
device with a locked bootloader it might
just be worth a watch and one last story
even though i think the oneplus one puts
out a pretty decent amount of sound i
definitely would have preferred for it
to have dual front-facing speakers
instead of the bottom facing ones and
apparently i'm not alone in that thought
XD a senior member ah be 08 638 put 2
they're a mod for the one that activates
the front earpiece as another speaker
for media playback this mod doesn't
actually make the device put out stereo
playback should be obvious there but it
does at least make it output sound
toward you instead of that way and it
seems pretty straightforward to
implement you pretty much just stick a
modified XML file in your system
directory change the permissions on it
and then reboot there's even a zip file
that you can flash from recovery if you
don't want to do it by hand and there's
information on customizing the Mac sound
levels on it after the fact I do have to
say even though I haven't really had any
complaints about sound out of my one I
might just give this mod a try because
it would be kind of nice to have the
sound coming toward me and finally one
other video was posted to XDA TV this
weekend we're joined ma directshow Duss
how to unroot and relock a nexus 6 using
a mac not exactly sure why you'd want to
do that but it's out there now so go
take a look but you know what that's
going to be about all for me for today
you can find the links to all the
stories i talked about down in the video
description as usual as well as the
links to my youtube channels remember if
you like this video please leave us a
like down below the video and subscribe
to receive all of our content as soon as
it becomes available thanks for watching
and I'll see you next time